Drop MySQL 5.7 support in v7 (#684)
sequelize/website: versioned_docs/version-6.x.x/other-topics/dialect-specific-things.md

The `indexHints` option can be used to define index hints. The hint type must be a value from `IndexHints` and the values should reference existing indexes.

> Index hints [override the default behavior of the MySQL query optimizer](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/index-hints.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Index hints [override the default behavior of the MySQL query optimizer](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/index-hints.html).
```
v6 still supports 5.7

Author: Apologies, one change to many, should be fixed now.
